Remove outdated workaround for data type issue with `da.stack` (#5923)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/whatsnew/latest.rst

💼 Internal
===========

> #. `@bouweandela` removed a workaround in :func:`~iris.cube.Cube.merge` for an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. `@bouweandela`_ removed a workaround in :func:`~iris.cube.Cube.merge` for an
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. `@bouweandela` removed a workaround in :meth:`~iris.cube.CubeList.merge` for an
```
